<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt -->
<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes.

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
Semantic HTML is the use of HTML markup to reinforce the semantics, or meaning, of the information in webpages and web applications

    2. What is HTML used for?
is the standard markup language for documents designed to be displayed in a web browser.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
HTML attributes are a modifier of an HTML element type.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
       meta date

    7. What is an id?
       The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element (the value must be unique within the HTML document).

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
      once

    10. What is a class?
       The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
      any element

    The class attribute can be used on any HTML element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
       just add a target="_blank" attribute to your links (anchor tags).

    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
    The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed.
    The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it
    (because of slow connection, an error in the src attribute, or if the user uses a screen reader).

    15. How do I reference an id?
       ID selector is a name preceded by a hash character (“#”).

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    <section> means that the content inside is grouped and should appear as a entry in an outline of a page whereas
    <div> does not convey any meaning, aside from any found in its class, lang and title attributes.

    17. What is CSS used for?
      to style HTML webpages.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
     h2{
     will select all h2 elements.
     }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        .class can be used on a div or section, while a #id can be used on one or two <a> or <p>.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
       .className {

       }

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human {

        }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    selector is used to select elements with a specific parent.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {
     this select all links under class sidebar
    }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g.
   they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
     line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
     letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
     text-transform:capitalize or uppercase or lowercase.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
     div{
     border: 1px dotted black;
     }

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    *{
    select everything
    }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    you start a comment with /* , and end it with */ .

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    $ pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    $ rm (deleting a file form pc files can ruin or destroy computer)

    34. Why should I use version control?
       saves time, supports team coding, gives a tree of work done. keeps everything clean and working.
    35. How often should I commit to github?

      every time an edit has been made to a file
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
     git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
        ls
        cd
        touch, mkdir or rm
        add .
        git commit -m""
        git status
        git push -u origin first-last
        git status

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
